netStatus
code: NetStream.Play.Start
level: status
netStatus
code: NetStream.Buffer.Full
level: status
netStatusOnMetaData
//ns.time;
0
//ns.seek(0.5);
netStatus
description: Start Seeking 500
level: status
code: NetStream.SeekStart.Notify
//ns.time;
0
netStatus
code: NetStream.Seek.Notify
level: status
netStatus
description: Seek Complete -1
level: status
code: NetStream.Seek.Complete
//ns.time;
0.671
//ns.seek(1.5);
netStatus
description: Start Seeking 1500
level: status
code: NetStream.SeekStart.Notify
//ns.time;
0.671
netStatus
code: NetStream.Seek.Notify
level: status
netStatus
code: NetStream.Buffer.Full
level: status
netStatus
description: Seek Complete -1
level: status
code: NetStream.Seek.Complete
//ns.time;
2.157
//ns.pause();
netStatus
description: Pausing
level: status
code: NetStream.Pause.Notify
undefined
//ns.seek(0.5);
netStatus
description: Start Seeking 500
level: status
code: NetStream.SeekStart.Notify
//ns.time;
2.157
netStatus
code: NetStream.Seek.Notify
level: status
netStatus
code: NetStream.Buffer.Full
level: status
netStatus
description: Seek Complete -1
level: status
code: NetStream.Seek.Complete
//ns.time;
0.667
